README.md, before:

# Autism Hub
 
# Here are the details of the Autism Hub:
## It is intended to be a useful app or site that provides people with autism and their family members helpful communities, resources and fun things to do or learning opportunities, anywhare they may find themselves.
### A project that Patricia and I are creating from start to finish together.
### First I made an empathy map and will be conducting several interviews with potential users. I am putting the original sketch of the empathy map and it's developing versions inside of the Trello board on the make an empathy map card for the poject.

https://trello.com/b/kblDkyA2/autism-hub-a-place-to-find-what-ya-need-anywhere
## There is also a link to the this very github inside of said Trello board. They are one organism now muahahahaha! Ok anywho.
## The above is a Trello project management board that also tracks the progress from backlog to publication and deployment. 

## I believe this will be a MERN application but the jury is still out. We wil utilize the best solution that fits our needs when further investigated.

Commit message:

added more detail to readme about the connection to cluster

README.md, after:

# Autism Hub
 
# Here are the details of the Autism Hub:
## It is intended to be a useful app or site that provides people with autism and their family members helpful communities, resources and fun things to do or learning opportunities, anywhare they may find themselves.
### A project that Patricia and I are creating from start to finish together.
### First I made an empathy map and will be conducting several interviews with potential users. I am putting the original sketch of the empathy map and it's developing versions inside of the Trello board on the make an empathy map card for the poject.

https://trello.com/b/kblDkyA2/autism-hub-a-place-to-find-what-ya-need-anywhere
## There is also a link to the this very github inside of said Trello board. They are one organism now muahahahaha! Ok anywho.
## The above is a Trello project management board that also tracks the progress from backlog to publication and deployment. 
### Added VSCode MongoDB extension and connected with our connection string to the Atlas cluster. 
## Sent connection string with proper permissions to Patty.  
## I believe this will be a MERN application but the jury is still out. We wil utilize the best solution that fits our needs when further investigated.
